Jill & Roy's have many areas to prove their cybersecurity posture.
Below are just some of the sample answers such as reviewing
the user accounts and restrict administrative access on their Windows 10 system,
making sure all policies are set to include password policies,
get rid of any applications that are not needed.
If you remember, maybe there were some games on the system.
Ensuring the operating system and all applications stay up-to-date with their patches.
You should also review the operating system services.
Those are those little programs running in
the background on any type of operating system.
Configure security settings within the local security policy.
As you see, there's lots of settings you can enable on the local security policy.
So take some time to explore them and understand how they
can best be used to secure Jill & Roy's computer system.
Last, conduct security awareness,
training everyone on security best practices.
Once these recommendations are approved by Jill & Roy,
they can be implemented on their systems and throughout the company.